---
layout: default
title: January 2022
nav_order: 20
parent: Blog
has_children: false
permalink: /docs/blog/012022
---

# New Year, new challenges

So we seem to have come through 2021 with some scars and bruising. Last year wrapped up with some new challenges in the corporate structure that greatly affect myself and my team. While working hard to make improvements there has been some rug pull that is going to impact a lot moving forward. However I'm looking to face this new challenge head on and continue the good work my Manager and myself had been putting in. I'm going to be unable to get as involved in the technical day to day to assist the team, and I'm not a micro manager so getting involved in everyone's work is not feasible.

There is however going to be more opportunity to share some of the teams daily tasks and regular maintenance outside of the immediate team which will be a positive change. Having a team focus on their core technical deliverables will enable us to move quicker and better support clients as an organization.

## Plans for year

Implement Team Leadership plans - I've been in the Team lead role now for nearly a year and over that time I've made a lot of mistakes. After some discussions with my Manager we discussed and made some changes to help with the workload. If I can impart any advice to anyone moving into a Team Leadership role, ensure that you agree to drop a large portion of your existing responsibilities. The Team Leader isnt their to fix or to get involved in fixing the technical issues. Guidance and coaching will ensure that the technical team learn to be more self reliant without needing you involved, and should be acknowledged.
I recently attended a New Leader course at the Australian Institute of Management. It was a great experience to collaborate with varying industries and impart some of my knowledge based on the simple mistakes that can be made. Anyone looking into taking on this role should certainly look to attend this course or similar.

### Things for me todo

- Explain the purpose of our department (Elevator pitch)
- 5 core values/principals
- Define roles for each team
- Expand role based access to collaborative teams (projects, engineers, managed services etc.)
- 
(more to come)