---
layout: default
category: Blog
title: August 2020
nav_order: 20
parent: Blog
has_children: false
permalink: /docs/blog/082020
---

# August 2020
Captains log....

So I have tried to start a blog or personal webspace a number of times with varying success. I have a number of excuses why these stop, I'm too busy, I have other things that need to be done, I'm studying, I'm working, I just want to relax and do nothing, and I don't have anything worth while to offer. Its usually the last one that will kill off most attempts for me to maintain this online resource of my life happenings and I guarantee no refunds if this attempt also leads to another purge.

So I turned 40 and through out my time recently I've noticed that I have opinions and thoughts on things that are taking place. I put a lot of this down to starting to spend time on Twitter, I've been on the Facebook for a longtime and I'm one of the abandonists who spent their early days posting all manner of images and nonsense which they have now left to rust, only keeping the account alive to check-in with friends or family. I also lurk on reddit, and tbh I could quite happily say that all my online persona's are lurking accounts that I rarely engage and post on, choosing to write out a reply or comment, only to delete without posting. This is probably down to two reasons, one I'm English, and two I don't like to upset people, and two point five, I honestly don't care that much about the subject to get involved in an online back and forth.

## Covid
So this time is a crazy time globally with the outbreak of the Covid19/Corona virus. In terms of how this has affected life for me, I work in IT Cloud hosting in Australia, we had remote work capacity to perform out of hours work so there wasnt a lot for me to change in order to continue working. I was sick before the "lock-down" started and had already starting working from home for a few weeks. Once things looked like it was going to be a long time issue I was able to get into the office and pick up my monitors and perpherals in order to work comfortably at home. The major change was that I finally got fiber broadband installed, in Australia the National Broadband Network (NBN) was being rolled out for a long time and i was lucky enough to get this at the right time, as both myself and my partner were working from home over ADSL2+. I burned through endless data on tethering on my phone so that we were able to work affectively.

I'm working from home now as I have recently got a flu bug, I did get tested which was an uncomfortable but quick process, and still having all my equipment at home makes it a lot easier. I've been into the office a few times in the last month or so, and found it distracting, however I enjoy riding my bike to/from work for exercise and mental health.

## Mental wellbeing
I've found it hard during the pandemic and lockdown to keep my mental health in good stead. I am a fairly active and outdoor person. Most of my hobbies are outdoor and active in nature. I enjoy a number of watersports, going to the gym and running or riding my bike. Being inside for a long time started to chip away at my mental resolve. This seemed to exasserbated due to the amount of study that I'm doing, it essentially means that there are no breaks between waking up, starting work and then performing tech study after work. I was staring at a screen non-stop for around 15 hours a day, and being stuck inside my only escape is to stare at the big none computer screen in lounge. With things easing I've been able to get out, see friends, and go to the gym. 

Reflecting on this journey I started out with a good routine of getting up, walking the cat, riding the spin bike and occasionally going to the garage to skip or lift weights. This gradually slipped and I started to comfort eat more and more. If I was going to offer anyone advice on how to get through this type of sitation in future, you need set a very basic routine to keep and to survive long term I think you need a mix of none technical hobbies that can be outdoor and indoor.
